= clickatell-mass

A simple library to send SMS messages through the Clickatell gateway (clickatell.com). This library handles some of the basic operations like sending messages and checking the status of a message

It is geared toward sending one message to a bunch of different phone numbers. If the message has more than 200 
recipients, it will break it up into multiple messages (as required by Clickatell)

This library was was extracted from, and is currently used in 2 of my businesses, School's Out (schoolsout.com), and CampusWire (thecampuswire.com).

Example usage:

clickatell = Clickatell::Sender.new
clickatell.logger = Logger.new("#{Rails.root}/log/sent_sms.log")
clickatell.mailer_callback = Proc.new{|subject, message| SystemNotifier.deliver_notice(subject, message) }
p = Proc.new do |res| 
      sent_log = SmsLog.create(:phonenumber => res[:recipient], :claimcheck => res[:claimcheck], :text => text, :message_id => message_id)
    end
clickatell.response_callbacks << p
clickatell.deliver(text, users_arr, Clickatell::FINAL_AND_INTERMEDIATE_STATUS)


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Ian Warshak. See LICENSE for details.
